documents member (#22460)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/manual_experimental.md

In the example above `CppClass` has a deleted default constructor. Notice how by using the constructor syntax, one can call the appropiate constructor.

Notice when calling a constructor in the section of a global variable initialization, it will be called before `NimMain` meaning Nim is not fully initialized.

Member pragma
=============

> In the same vein as the `constructor` and `virtual` pragmas, the `member` pragma can be used to attatch a proc to a type in C++. It's more flexible than `virtual` in the sense that it accepts not only names but also operators or destructors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the `constructor` and `virtual` pragmas, the `member` pragma can be used to attach a `proc` or `func` to a type in C++. 
It is more flexible than `virtual` in the sense that it accepts not only names but also operators or destructors.
```

"attatch" typo, also simple words help non-native speakers ("in the veins" etc).

For example:

```nim
proc print(s: cstring) {.importcpp:"printf(@)", header:"<stdio.h>".}

type
  Doo  {.exportc.} = object
    test: int

proc memberProc(f: Doo) {.member.} = 
  echo $f.test

proc destructor(f: Doo) {.member: "~'1()", used.} = 
  print "destructing\n"

proc `==`(self, other: Doo): bool {.member:"operator==('2 const & #2) const -> '0"} = 
  self.test == other.test

let doo = Doo(test: 2)
doo.memberProc()
echo doo == Doo(test: 1)

```

Will print:
```
2
false
destructing
destructing
```

Notice how the C++ destructor is called automatically. Also notice the double implementation of `==` as an operator in Nim but also in C++. This is useful if you need the type to match some C++ `concept` or `trait` when interoping. 

A side effect of being able to declare C++ operators, is that you can now also create a

> C++ functor to have seamless interop with C++ lambdas (sysntactic sugar for functors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C++ functor to have seamless interop with C++ lambdas (syntactic sugar for functors).
```

> For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

```nim
type
  NimFunctor = object
    discard
proc invoke(f: NimFunctor, n:int) {.member:"operator ()('2 #2)" .} = 
  echo "FunctorSupport!"

{.experimental: "callOperator".}
proc `()`(f: NimFunctor, n:int) {.importcpp:"#(@)" .} 
NimFunctor()(1)
```

> Notice we are also using the overload of `()` to have the same semantincs in Nim, but on the `importcpp` we are importing the functor as a function. This allows to easy interop with functions that accepts for example a `const` operator in its signature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice we are also using the overload of `()` to have the same semantics in Nim, but on the `importcpp` we are importing the functor as a function. 
This allows to easy interop with functions that accepts for example a `const` operator in its signature. 
```

In the example above `CppClass` has a deleted default constructor. Notice how by using the constructor syntax, one can call the appropiate constructor.

Notice when calling a constructor in the section of a global variable initialization, it will be called before `NimMain` meaning Nim is not fully initialized.

Member pragma
=============

Similar to the `constructor` and `virtual` pragmas, the `member` pragma can be used to attach a `proc` or `func` to a type in C++. 
It is more flexible than `virtual` in the sense that it accepts not only names but also operators or destructors.

For example:

```nim

> proc print(s: cstring) {.importcpp:"printf(@)", header:"<stdio.h>".}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
proc print(s: cstring) {.importcpp: "printf(@)", header: "<stdio.h>".}
```

type

>   Doo  {.exportc.} = object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Doo {.exportc.} = object
```

    test: int

proc memberProc(f: Doo) {.member.} = 
  echo $f.test

proc destructor(f: Doo) {.member: "~'1()", used.} = 
  print "destructing\n"

> proc `==`(self, other: Doo): bool {.member:"operator==('2 const & #2) const -> '0"} = 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
proc `==`(self, other: Doo): bool {.member: "operator==('2 const & #2) const -> '0".} = 
```

  self.test == other.test

let doo = Doo(test: 2)
doo.memberProc()
echo doo == Doo(test: 1)

```

Will print:
```
2
false
destructing
destructing
```

Notice how the C++ destructor is called automatically. Also notice the double implementation of `==` as an operator in Nim but also in C++. This is useful if you need the type to match some C++ `concept` or `trait` when interoping. 

A side effect of being able to declare C++ operators, is that you can now also create a
C++ functor to have seamless interop with C++ lambdas (syntactic sugar for functors).

For example:

```nim
type
  NimFunctor = object
    discard

> proc invoke(f: NimFunctor, n:int) {.member:"operator ()('2 #2)" .} = 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
proc invoke(f: NimFunctor; n: int) {.member: "operator ()('2 #2)".} = 
```

  echo "FunctorSupport!"

{.experimental: "callOperator".}

> proc `()`(f: NimFunctor, n:int) {.importcpp:"#(@)" .} 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
proc `()`(f: NimFunctor; n:int) {.importcpp: "#(@)" .} 
```

NimFunctor()(1)
```

> Notice we are also using the overload of `()` to have the same semantics in Nim, but on the `importcpp` we are importing the functor as a function. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice we use the overload of `()` to have the same semantics in Nim, but on the `importcpp` we import the functor as a function. 
```
